chore: Add summary, disclosure and contribution sections to the README (#109)
edx/helm-charts: README.rst

#######################
Helm Charts for edx.org
#######################

> This repository is is primarily for hosting charts used to host edx.org related Django seervices.  A `helm chart`_ is a collection of files that describe a related set of Kubernetes resources.  It is a work in progress and may change at any time.  Some assumptions are currently made including the assumption that nginx-ingress and external-dns are available.  These assumptions may be abstacted out in the future.  Please see https://github.com/openedx/openedx-k8s-harmony for other Open edX related charts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is primarily for hosting charts used to host edx.org-related Django services.  A `helm chart`_ is a collection of files that describe a related set of Kubernetes resources.  These files are a work in progress and may change at any time.  Some assumptions are currently made including the assumption that nginx-ingress and external-dns are available.  These assumptions may be abstacted out in the future.  Please see https://github.com/openedx/openedx-k8s-harmony for other Open edX related charts. 
```
